[READY] Update onboarding docs to improve reader experience (#2396)
kedro-org/kedro: docs/source/tutorial/spaceflights_tutorial.md

## Scenario

*It is 2160, and the space tourism industry is booming. Globally, thousands of space shuttle companies take tourists to the Moon and back. You have been able to source data that lists the amenities offered in each space shuttle, customer reviews, and company information.*

***Project***: *You want to construct a model that predicts the price for each trip to the Moon and the corresponding return flight.*

![](../meta/images/moon-rocket.png)

Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@ivvndiaz">Ivan Diaz</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/s/photos/spaceship">Unsplash</a>

## Get help
If you hit an issue with the tutorial:

* Check the [spaceflights tutorial FAQ](spaceflights_tutorial_faqs.md) to see if we have answered the question already.
* Use [Kedro-Viz](../visualisation/kedro-viz_visualisation) to visualise your project to better understand how the datasets, nodes and pipelines fit together.
* Use the [#questions channel](https://slack.kedro.org/) on our Slack channel to ask the community for help.

> * Search the [searchable archive of Discord discussions](https://linen-discord.kedro.org/).

Reviewer: Should we now refer folks to the newer Slack archive? The Discord archive does have historical value of course, but we've used Slack for enough time now that we've accumulated a sufficiently large knowledge base perhaps:

```suggestion
* Search the [searchable archive of Slack discussions](https://www.linen.dev/s/kedro).
```

(by the way, are we thinking of adding a `linen-slack.kedro.org`? @yetudada @tynandebold

4. Package the project
    * Build the project documentation
    * Package the project for distribution

> ### Optional: source control with `git`

Reviewer: 💯
